# Exception Handler Spring Boot Starter

Spring Boot application enables a global exception handler, to handle exceptions gracefully. Supports handling exceptions occurred in filters, controllers, and event listeners.

## Quickstart

- Import dependencies

```xml
    <dependency>
        <groupId>com.yookue.springstarter</groupId>
        <artifactId>exception-handler-spring-boot-starter</artifactId>
        <version>LATEST</version>
    </dependency>
```

> By default, this starter will auto take effect, you can turn it off by `spring.exception-handler.enabled = false`

- Configure Spring Boot `application.yml` with prefix `spring.exception-handler` (**Optional**)

```yml
spring:
    exception-handler:
        exception-filter:
            filter-paths:
                - '/**'
            exclude-paths:
                - '/foo/**'
                - '/bar/**'
        exception-resolver:
            invokable-interceptors:
                - com.foo.bar
```

- This starter supports the most popular template engines, including:
  - Thymeleaf
  - FreeMarker
  - Groovy
  - Mustache
  - Tiles
  - JSP

- **Optional feature**: If you're using a template engine in your application, you may active a simple error controller by `@EnableSimpleErrorController` annotation, which extends from `BasicErrorController` and handles both HTML requests and REST requests.

> You can also customize the error data generated by this error controller, by the way of defining a bean which implements the `ErrorControllerCustomizer` facade.

> You can handle the event named `ServletExceptionHandledEvent` to process your own logic, such as logging and so on.

## Document

- Github: https://github.com/yookue/exception-handler-spring-boot-starter

## Requirement

- jdk 1.8+

## License

This project is under the [Apache License 2.0](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)

See the `NOTICE.txt` file for required notices and attributions.

## Donation

You like this package? Then [donate to Yookue](https://yookue.com/public/donate) to support the development.

## Website

- Yookue: https://yookue.com
